The next step is actually even easier.
I can now deploy this into the Amazon cloud.
So if I go here and I right-click on this function,
I can go and I can say "Deploy".
Here we go, I click on "Deploy" and now it's taking this whole directory full of
everything that I set up and it's out now deploying it to the AWS cloud.
Now what I can do is I can actually go back to AWS,
and I can actually check out that function.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Lets go to Console.
Now if I type in "Lambda",
we can see that a lambda function if I sort by last modified,
I can see here's my helloudacity function.
I know that was created 16 seconds ago so that's my function, I can click on it.
Now what I can do is I can see this console
that shows me a lot more about what's happening
inside of AWS Lambda.
Here we have the lambda itself,
we have some events that actually go across.
We have just talked about events,
and there's also triggers on the left.
So if I wanted to run this on let's say a timer,
I could go through and I can say CloudWatch Events.
Then what that could do is it can run on let's say a daily level.
What I'm going to do here though is something even simpler,
is I'm going to actually edit it also inside of AWS.
Now remember, I wrote this code from Cloud9
and now I'm deploying it into lambda.
So here we go,
here's my function, I could edit it,
let's actually edit it if I want,
but I'm actually going to test this.
So I'm going to click on "Test" and then it's going to configure a test event.
In this example, here we go,
I can say my test from Udacity.
Then instead of this,
I don't like that I'm just going to make something much simpler.
I'm going to go through here,
and I'm going to make my own JSON structure here.
This will just be one,
and this will be two.
There we go. Now I can go ahead and save this, create this event.
Now that that test is in saved,
I can see my test from Udacity I can run and pass that payload into my function.
This lambda function does almost nothing.
All it does is print out that it got the event and return the event.
So here we go, let's press that test and of course,
we are able to get back that response.
I also can look at the log.
The log also tells me that this was my event,
there we go one and two.
Another really powerful thing about this ecosystem is that I can look at
this AdaBoost log here and actually get
access to that log statement that was actually printed out.
The way you do that is you go to monitoring,
and then I actually go to view logs and cloud watch logs.
Here we go, we click on this link.
You can see here that a new log statement was just created.
I should be able to go and see
that print statement that I printed out it should show up in my logs.
Here we go, there's my event zero, one and two.
So really in a nutshell,
this lambda ecosystem really from soup to nuts,
it started with Cloud9,
then it went to the lambda management console, I ran it,
and then I also got access to this whole cloud-based ecosystem that shows log.
So this is really a power of doing something that's cloud native is in.
I developed it in the cloud,
I've tested it in the cloud,
deployed it in the cloud,
and I actually maintain it in the cloud.
So it's really all of the advantages of a cloud data system.